Remove mentions of backoff from rabbitmq docs (#2978)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/setup-rabbitmq.md

| concurrencyMode | N        | `parallel` is the default, and allows processing multiple messages in parallel (limited by the `app-max-concurrency` annotation, if configured). Set to `single` to disable parallel processing. In most situations there's no reason to change this. | `parallel`, `single`
| enableDeadLetter      | N        | Enable forwarding Messages that cannot be handled to a dead-letter topic. Defaults to `"false"` | `"true"`, `"false"` |
| maxLen      | N        | The maximum number of messages of a queue and its dead letter queue (if dead letter enabled). If both `maxLen` and `maxLenBytes` are set then both will apply; whichever limit is hit first will be enforced.  Defaults to no limit. | `"1000"` |
| maxLenBytes      | N        | Maximum length in bytes of a queue and its dead letter queue (if dead letter enabled). If both `maxLen` and `maxLenBytes` are set then both will apply; whichever limit is hit first will be enforced.  Defaults to no limit. | `"1048576"` |
| exchangeKind      | N        | Exchange kind of the rabbitmq exchange.  Defaults to `"fanout"`. | `"fanout"`,`"topic"` |

### Enabling message delivery retries

> The rabbitmq pubsub component has no built-in support for retry strategies. This means that the sidecar will send a message to the service only once. When the service returns a result, the message will be marked as consumed regardless of whether it was processed correctly or not.

Reviewer: Note that this is common among all PubSub components and not just RabbitMQ. Users should use Resiliency if they want in-process retries.

What’s important to note is the difference between the two ways to retry messages:

- When using `autoAck = false` and `requeueInFailure = true`, RabbitMQ is the one responsible for re-delivering messages and _any_ subscriber can get the redelivered message. If you have more than one instance of your consumer, then it’s possible that another consumer will get it. This is usually the better approach because if there’s a transient failure, it’s more likely that a different worker will be in a better position to successfully process the message.
- Using Resiliency (and the deprecated backoff policy) makes the same Dapr sidecar retry redelivering the messages. So it will be the same Dapr sidecar and the same app receiving the same message.

Author: Sorry for not getting back at this earlier. I see that @msfussell made some more changes to this PR and approved them.

I like this explanation and I've incorporated it into the PR. Please let me know what you think, @ItalyPaleAle.

> The rabbitmq pubsub component has no built-in support for retry strategies. This means that the sidecar will send a message to the service only once. When the service returns a result, the message will be marked as consumed regardless of whether it was processed correctly or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The RabbitMQ pub/sub component has no built-in support for retry strategies. This means that the sidecar will send a message to the service only once. When the service returns a result, the message will be marked as consumed regardless of whether it was processed correctly or not.
```

> The RabbitMQ pub/sub component has no built-in support for retry strategies. This means that the sidecar will send a message to the service only once. When the service returns a result, the message will be marked as consumed regardless of whether it was processed correctly or not.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The RabbitMQ pub/sub component has no built-in support for retry strategies. This means that the sidecar sends a message to the service only once. When the service returns a result, the message will be marked as consumed regardless of whether it was processed correctly or not.
```

> dapr can try redelivering a message a second time, when `autoAck` is set to `false` and `requeueInFailure` is set to `true`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dapr can try redelivering a message a second time, when `autoAck` is set to `false` and `requeueInFailure` is set to `true`.
```

> To make Dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you can apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component and [enable the Resiliency preview feature]({{<ref preview-features>}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To make Dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you can apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component.
```

> To make dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you will need to apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component and [enable the Resiliency preview feature]({{<ref preview-features>}}).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make Dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you will need to apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component and [enable the Resiliency preview feature]({{<ref preview-features>}}).
```

> To make Dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you will need to apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component and [enable the Resiliency preview feature]({{<ref preview-features>}}).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To make Dapr use more sophisticated retry policies, you can apply a [retry resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md#retries" >}}) to the RabbitMQ pub/sub component and [enable the Resiliency preview feature]({{<ref preview-features>}}).
```
